site-falso- Online: false
https://www.alura.com.br- Online: true
https://amazon.com.br- Online: true
https://random-status-code.herokuapp.com- Online: false
https://www.casadocodigo.com.br- Online: true
https://www.oi.com.br- Online: true
https://www.alura.com.br- Online: true
https://amazon.com.br- Online: true
https://random-status-code.herokuapp.com- Online: false
https://www.casadocodigo.com.br- Online: true
https://www.oi.com.br- Online: true
https://www.alura.com.br- Online: true
https://amazon.com.br- Online: true
https://random-status-code.herokuapp.com- Online: true
https://www.casadocodigo.com.br- Online: true
https://www.oi.com.br- Online: true
https://www.alura.com.br- Online: true
https://amazon.com.br- Online: true
https://random-status-code.herokuapp.com- Online: true
https://www.casadocodigo.com.br- Online: true
https://www.oi.com.br- Online: true
https://www.alura.com.br- Online: true
https://amazon.com.br- Online: true
https://random-status-code.herokuapp.com- Online: false
https://www.casadocodigo.com.br- Online: true
https://www.oi.com.br- Online: true
https://www.alura.com.br- Online: true
https://amazon.com.br- Online: true
https://random-status-code.herokuapp.com- Online: true
https://www.casadocodigo.com.br- Online: true
https://www.oi.com.br- Online: true
